In this lecture, we're going to add one more feature to our theme.
Thus far, we've enabled everything.
Users will have ultimate control over the appearance of our theme.
We've had to write dozens of lines of code to get this behavior.
However, there is a shortcut worth looking at.
Let's quickly take a look at it inside the theme JSON file.
Open the settings object at the top of the object.
Let's add a property called Appearance Tools with a value of true.
You can hover your mouse over this property to read the description.
According to our editor, this option will enable everything if you're developing a theme that gives
your clients complete freedom.
This can be a quick way of supporting all settings.
In some cases, it may be better to enable the setting.
If you need to disable a feature, you can do so on a per block basis.
That wraps up our discussion of the theme JSON file.
We've written over 100 lines of code.
WordPress gives us so much power for customizing the editor with a single file.
Hopefully you can use this file to your advantage for tailoring the editing experience for your clients.
Before moving on, let's reset our template.
We've made several changes to the template that the original template has been overridden.
Switch over to the full site editor for the indexed HTML template.
Let's clear the customizations to reset the templates.
Be sure to save your changes.
Otherwise, the reset will not be complete.
After making those changes, we can move on to the next set of topics.
In the next section, let's begin loading our templates.
It's time to begin converting our templates into a functioning theme.
When you're ready, I'll see you in the next section.